Hell for Hire [HFH]

The King of the kingdom has made a deal with the Demon lord ... He must offer the demon human flesh to protect his kingdom and its people from the Demon lord... 
After consulting the kingdoms local priest, straight human sacrifice would be deemed sinful. Instead, the king sends 4 brave heroes to “handle foreign affairs”. 
Unbeknownst to them, they are sent as human sacrifices but disguised as heroes to avoid prosecution for demonism. They are replaceable. They are expendable.

Intro – Tutorial – Fallen outpost

Suspecting “bandit activity” at a ransacked colony, the king sends the heroes off to handle them... Turns out ... It was a hotspot for cult activity. And it was planned as their “first and final” mission.  The game was rigged from the start, but they arrived earlier than expected. They didn't have enough time to prepare or summon the demon hordes to their full capacity, resulting in a botched attempt at capturing the heroes. 

Once the king heard the news of failure, he barred the heroes from the kingdom and sent the demon king and his armies after them.

Variation - Cave Dungeon:
Heavily corrupted area. Fauna and flora are horrifically mutated.
Enemies:

Flesh Fauna:
Blood Slime (slime)
Discarded flesh (skeleton)
Flesh wings (Mutated bats)
Living Flesh (Zombies)
Blob (




Crafting:

Viscous Tar + Bottle/Jar = Improvised Firebomb
“Popularized by angry barbarians this bomb will surely burn.”
Improvised Firebomb + Wax = Improved Firebomb 
“A self-made firebomb mixed with wax to make the fire linger longer.”
Vial of Acid + Bottle/jar = Improvised Acid flask
“A volatile flask of acid used as a throwable weapon.”
Improvised Acid flask + Tangle Berry = Potent Acid flask
“The Tangle berries react with the acid, resulting in a volatile bomb.”
Tangeberries are known for causing poisoning deaths in children, as it’s innocent and colorful outside hides the neurotoxin seeping inside.


The Retch

The Source. The Infection. The Rot.
Brought forth by demonic tampering and hell-born rituals, this pulsing, oozing infestation is the origin of the shambling horrors of flesh that now roam the world.
It spreads in darkness, thrives in damp, forgotten places, and grows like a cancer—slow but unstoppable. It warps the environment, turning stone to sinew, wood to meat. Covering everything it reaches with rotted hellish flesh and rot.

Flora gets corrupted, plant life dying and withering, turning to crimson flesh. Fauna mutates … Dead corpses contort and pulse to life like a hivemind hell bent in tearing you limb for limb. Cultists that voluntarily got infected to get closer with their “god” …


